# Revision Control and Code Availability

Baselines of the BAG source code library, external libraries, and BAG documentation are revision controlled using a Git repository hosted by the Center for Coastal and Ocean Mapping/Joint Hydrographic Center (CCOM/JHC) at the University of New Hampshire (UNH) through [GitHub](https://github.com/OpenNavigationSurface/BAG). Each  release is referenced by a Git release tag that includes a numeric value corresponding to the release version number.  Write access to these archives is granted on a case-by-case basis to active developers. Requests for write access to the Git archives can be made via email to the development list (``navsurf_dev@ccom.unh.edu``). Typically, write access should not be necessary as most collaboration can be handled via forked repositories and pull requests.

The current release is available for general download from the ONSWG [website](http://www.opennavsurf.org/download.html). The release distribution includes all source code required to build the BAG access library and the external library dependencies. The ONSWG web site provides contact information and a description of how to request being added to one or more of the BAG email lists. In addition, the website includes a wealth of historical background information from meeting notes, publications, and presentations.

The BAG structure is taken to be as defined by the Format Specification Document (FSD) and the corresponding release of the source code. In the case of a conflict between the FSD and the source code, precedence is given to the source code as the reference structure definition.

[BAG Format Extensions](FSD-Extensions.md) details the process for reporting deficiencies identified by the user community, and for requesting extensions or enhancements to the format. Feedback and contributions from the community to improve the BAG format are encouraged. Feedback can take the form of issue reports and/or provision of implementations of actual changes to either the BAG software library or the BAG documentation.

## [Next: BAG Format Extensions](FSD-Extensions.md)